lib/bwebview/README.md, before:

# Bassie Webview Rust library

A cross-platform webview library for Rust with minimal dependencies

## Getting Started

On some platforms, you may need to install additional dependencies before using this library:

### Linux (Debian/Ubuntu)

```sh
sudo apt install libgtk-3-dev libwebkit2gtk-4.1-dev
```

### Linux (Fedora)

```sh
sudo dnf install gtk3-devel webkit2gtk4.1-devel
```

## Screenshots

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<img src="docs/images/screenshots/windows.png" alt="ipc example running on Windows" width="300">
<br>
<a href="examples/ipc/">IPC example</a> running on Windows
</td>
<td align="center">
<img src="docs/images/screenshots/macos.png" alt="ipc example running on macOS" width="300">
<br>
<a href="examples/ipc/">IPC example</a> running on macOS
</td>
<td align="center">
<img src="docs/images/screenshots/gtk.png" alt="ipc example running on Linux (GTK)" width="300">
<br>
<a href="examples/ipc/">IPC example</a> running on Linux (GTK)
</td>
</tr>
</table>

## License

Copyright © 2025 [Bastiaan van der Plaat](https://github.com/bplaat)

Licensed under the [MIT](../../LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

bwebview: Add features documentation to README

lib/bwebview/README.md, after:

# Bassie Webview Rust library

A cross-platform webview library for Rust with minimal dependencies

## Getting Started

On some platforms, you may need to install additional dependencies before using this library:

### Linux (Debian/Ubuntu)

```sh
sudo apt install libgtk-3-dev libwebkit2gtk-4.1-dev
```

### Linux (Fedora)

```sh
sudo dnf install gtk3-devel webkit2gtk4.1-devel
```

## Screenshots

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<img src="docs/images/screenshots/windows.png" alt="ipc example running on Windows" width="300">
<br>
<a href="examples/ipc/">IPC example</a> running on Windows
</td>
<td align="center">
<img src="docs/images/screenshots/macos.png" alt="ipc example running on macOS" width="300">
<br>
<a href="examples/ipc/">IPC example</a> running on macOS
</td>
<td align="center">
<img src="docs/images/screenshots/gtk.png" alt="ipc example running on Linux (GTK)" width="300">
<br>
<a href="examples/ipc/">IPC example</a> running on Linux (GTK)
</td>
</tr>
</table>

## Features

-   **log** Enables logging support by forwarding `console.*` calls to the `log` crate (default).
-   **remember_window_state** Adds remembers window position and size between launches options (default).
-   **rust-embed** Adds support for serving embedded assets using the `rust-embed` crate.

## License

Copyright © 2025 [Bastiaan van der Plaat](https://github.com/bplaat)

Licensed under the [MIT](../../LICENSE) license.
